Dev Notes: Document release procedure (#662)
CATcher-org/CATcher: docs/developer-notes.md

The authentication process is kicked off in the `AuthComponent`, but the code that co-ordinates steps 1 and 2 can be found in [`oauth.ts`](../oauth.ts)(For Electron) or `AuthService`(For Web). Step 2 requires a client secret granted to CATcher. To protect this, we run a web service, [gatekeeper](https://github.com/CATcher-org/gatekeeper) that executes step 2 on behalf of the client CATcher app.

# Handling Releases

> 

Reviewer: Before explaining how to use the GitHub Actions' workflow to automate the release,
I think we should explicitly list the tasks that need to be done for a release.

This will be helpful as a reference checklist, especially if a manual release needs to be done (for some reason).

```
Releasing a new version of CATcher involves the following steps:
- Update CATcher's version number in `package.json`
- Build the CATcher desktop application's executables for Linux, MacOS and Windows
- Build the CATcher web app, and then deploy it onto our GitHub Pages site (https://catcher-org.github.io/CATcher/)
- Create a release on GitHub, upload the desktop app's executables and write a
  changelog that describes any new features or bug fixes.
```

> Releases are primarily crafted using Github Actions that handle deployments and the building of executables for multiple operating systems. A release can be created with the following steps:

Reviewer 2: Github Actions is a tool so I think it should be 'handles' instead!

Author: Yep! You're right. Thanks for the review 👍

> Releases are primarily crafted using Github Actions that handles deployments and the building of executables for multiple operating systems. A release can be created with the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a GitHub Actions' workflow that can perform many of the tasks above in a single-click.
Follow these steps to create a release using this workflow:
```

This segment could be summarised as such ^

>   - Create and Merge and Pull Request that updates the version of the application in the `package.json` file.

Reviewer 2: Extra 'and' before Pull Request!

Author: Ah yes my bad haha

>   - Navigate to the 'Actions' Tab of the `CATcher` repository and start the `Draft Deployment` Workflow. This deploys the application and creates a Draft Release containing the compiled executables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Navigate to the 'Actions' Tab of the `CATcher` repository and start the `Draft Deployment` Workflow. This workflow deploys the web app and creates a Draft Release containing the desktop app's executables.
```

  - Edit the Draft Release and update the description with a changelog of recently merged Pull Requests.

>   - Save the Draft and create the Full Release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Publish the release
```

The final step (on the GitHub UI) is to "Publish" the release (not "Save")
